hey it's may you it's fun2draw a cute
baby horse step-by-step if you request
this please comment below to let me know
and I also love to hear about what you
think of this find a draw video already
let's get started first I'm going to
start with a big forehead like this and
a small little mouth and tiny little
nose next I'm going to work my way into
a round little cheek and now you can add
that big fun2draw eye so go ahead and
shave this part in just like that and
add the big pupil and a highlight
a little eyebrow in there and we can go
into a small triangular ear you can draw
the main like this to just draw little
lines inside as well that makes the hair
look more natural all right I'm going to
round out the back of the head so it has
very circular I'm going to draw a little
bit more of the hair and because this
little guy is a baby let's make the body
and legs really short and stubby like I
mean short and stubby all right so I got
one leg and you can draw a little
triangle in the hoof there here's the
other one and the back leg so just
something like that and after you're
done drawing this cute baby horse you
can try drawing the other characters on
my fun2draw channel like my baby sheep
my unicorn or my other horses got a
little cute tail in there and I'm just
gonna draw a cute little design like
that on the forehead
all righty if you like this cute horse
please thumbs up favorite and share this
video with your friends there you go
I've got a few new fun2draw videos every
week please subscribe here so you won't
miss any new ones and be sure to check
out my other fun2draw videos too I've
got over 100 and Counting thanks for
watching everyone
and see you next time